cool
How comfortable!
God, did I read that right?
This turned out to be the loving and righteous Yintai
That's right, that's him.
Who the hell put it there?
Then turn it off for me, turn it off
I'm sorry, it was you who gave you this big gift.
Are you still satisfied?
The next company that doesn't make it to the table
What qualifications do you have to ban me?
What if I banned you?
You are Chen Hao
If you kneel down like a dog and beg me now
Maybe I can forgive
You won't starve to death if you keep a dog food
Ah, that's right.
And your mother Wang at home
If you don't take my mother today
I'll get someone to break his legs
Let him be a hostage hahaha
That's what happens when you offend me.